Merry Christmas Wishes for 2020
In general we like to keep things light-hearted at Christmas time, but we can’t ignore that many of us have had a difficult year with illness, loss, uncertain employment, and isolation due to COVID-19. With that in mind, here are some examples of Christmas greetings you could use as a starting point to write your own notes of encouragement to friends and family.

New Year? Yes please! Here’s to better times ahead for us all! Wishing you a very happy Christmas and a safe and healthy 2021.

From our bubble to yours, we wish you a very Merry Christmas and a happy holiday season! Stay safe and take care.

This Christmas card is packed full of virus-free hugs and kisses just for you! We hope you have a very Merry Christmas and that we can see you again soon. Until then, cheers to you from afar for your good health and happiness!

May the magic of the Christmas season fill your home with joy and peace. Sending lots of love to your family, and looking forward to the day we can see you again. Take care of yourselves and stay safe.

We wish you a very happy Christmas and holiday season. We know that this past year has been very difficult for you, and we pray that the coming year brings more certain times for your family. Sending all our love and good wishes for better days ahead.

Merry Christmas! We’re so sorry you’ve been ill and hope you are feeling stronger and better every day. May this holiday season be a time of rest as you recover, and the New Year full of hope for better days ahead.

We want you to know that you are in our thoughts and prayers every day as we remember [name] and miss him terribly. We know this Christmas season will be very difficult, and we wish we could gather around you in person to support you more. We are sending all our love from afar, and if there is anything you need please let us know.

Sending you all our love and merry Christmas wishes. We might be apart today, but you’re always in our heart. Take care and stay safe in these uncertain times. We miss you!


